Dear Amazon,

Recently we've been receiving negative feedbacks, A-to-z claims of almost same patterns. The time when the feedbacks were left were next to each other and the content were 90% alike, saying that our products were fake or without packages or complaints about the service. While what astonishes me much is that there was even one order that had not been received but the buyer still complained about fake products. As you know, we've already applied and were enrolled in Amazon Brand Registry Program. Quality of all of our products are all guaranteed and for every product we shipped we've prepared a package with a self own brand logo. Many customers who have purchased our products left positive feedbacks and reviews as you could check in our store. Moreover, after shipping the products we usually have unscheduled contact with customers referring to whether the products were safely in their hands. However, during this process that we tried to make phone call to customers we found that these customers who left negative feedbacks, have all provided fake phone numbers. These numbers are either unreachable or the wrong number.(2 of them claimed they never made an order on Amazon.) We hence suspect that these negative-feedback-leaving buyers are spammer accounts manipulated by malicious sellers deliberately using other customers' fake phone numbers and address to purchase our products and leave negative feedback so as to get our selling privileges removed. Frankly speaking, a couple of months ago there were some sellers trying to sell against our listings under our brand (one of which even sold most of the products using FBA service) but as our brand were registered and protected, after formal complaints to Amazon and legal actions taken by us, we managed to drive them away. Now one of them(or several) started this shameless revenge on us, purchasing our products, asking for refund, leaving negative feedbacks and filing A-to-z claims. Below is the detailed information about these malicious orders which you could check. Also if possible could you give us some advice?